Production Security Measures for PayPouch
This document outlines the critical security enhancements required to transition the PayPouch application from a development prototype to a secure, production-ready service.

1. Backend & API Security (High Priority)
Your server.js file is the gateway to your database and payment services, making its security paramount.

a. Implement Authorization on All Endpoints
Current State: Your API endpoints (/api/subscriptions, /api/create-user, etc.) are currently open to the public. Anyone on the internet can call them.

Required Action: You must secure these endpoints so that only authenticated users can access them. As planned, the best way to do this is by implementing an AWS Cognito Authorizer on your API Gateway. This will ensure that every request to your backend includes a valid session token (JWT) from a logged-in user, and API Gateway will automatically block any unauthorized requests.

b. Server-Side Input Validation
Threat: Never trust data coming from the frontend. A malicious user could bypass browser checks and send malformed data to your API, potentially corrupting your database or causing crashes.

Required Action: Implement robust validation on the server for every incoming request body. Use a library like express-validator to sanitize inputs and ensure data types, lengths, and formats are correct before processing.

Example in your server.js POST /api/subscriptions route:

// Before your route logic
const { body, validationResult } = require('express-validator');

app.post('/api/subscriptions',
  // Validation rules
  body('userId').isString().notEmpty(),
  body('subscriptionName').isString().isLength({ min: 1, max: 100 }),
  body('cost').isFloat({ gt: 0 }),

  async (req, res) => {
    const errors = validationResult(req);
    if (!errors.isEmpty()) {
      return res.status(400).json({ errors: errors.array() });
    }
    // ... rest of your route logic
});

c. Implement API Rate Limiting
Threat: A single user or bot could flood your API with thousands of requests, running up your costs and potentially causing a denial of service for other users.

Required Action: Add a rate-limiting middleware to your Express app. A library like express-rate-limit can easily limit the number of requests a single IP address can make in a given time frame.

d. Use Environment Variables for All Secrets
Current State: You are correctly using .env for your Stripe key. This is excellent.

Required Action: Continue this practice for all sensitive information, such as database connection strings, API keys for other services, etc. Never hard-code secrets in your source code.

2. Frontend Security
While less critical than the backend, securing the frontend protects your users from attacks that happen in their browser.

a. Implement a Content Security Policy (CSP)
Threat: Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) attacks, where an attacker injects malicious scripts into your website to steal user data or session tokens.

Required Action: Add a <meta> tag to the <head> of your index.html file that defines a strict CSP. A CSP tells the browser which sources of content (scripts, styles, images) are trustworthy. This can prevent malicious scripts from running.

Example for your index.html file:

<meta http-equiv="Content-Security-Policy" content="default-src 'self'; script-src 'self' https://js.stripe.com https://unpkg.com; style-src 'self' https://fonts.googleapis.com 'unsafe-inline'; font-src https://fonts.gstatic.com;">

3. AWS Infrastructure Security
Your cloud configuration is a critical layer of defense.

a. Apply the Principle of Least Privilege (IAM)
Current State: Your EC2 instance has an IAM role with AmazonDynamoDBFullAccess. This is acceptable for development, but too permissive for production.

Required Action: Create a custom IAM policy that grants only the specific permissions needed on only the specific table resource. Your server only needs PutItem and Query permissions on the paypouch-subscriptions table. Granting DeleteTable permissions to your application server, for instance, is an unnecessary risk.

b. Enforce HTTPS
Threat: Transmitting data over HTTP allows attackers on the same network (e.g., public Wi-Fi) to intercept and read sensitive information, including session tokens.

Required Action: Configure your Application Load Balancer or CloudFront distribution to use an SSL certificate (AWS provides free ones) and create a rule to automatically redirect all HTTP traffic to HTTPS.

By implementing these security measures, you will significantly harden your application against the most common threats and build a much safer environment for your users' data and payments.